README.md, before:

# Quarkus Power

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.quarkiverse.power/quarkus-power?logo=apache-maven&style=flat-square)](https://search.maven.org/artifact/io.quarkiverse.power/quarkus-power)

## Welcome to Quarkiverse!

Congratulations and thank you for creating a new Quarkus extension project in Quarkiverse!

Feel free to replace this content with the proper description of your new project and necessary instructions how to use and contribute to it.

You can find the basic info, Quarkiverse policies and conventions in [the Quarkiverse wiki](https://github.com/quarkiverse/quarkiverse/wiki).

In case you are creating a Quarkus extension project for the first time, please follow [Building My First Extension](https://quarkus.io/guides/building-my-first-extension) guide.

Other useful articles related to Quarkus extension development can be found under the [Writing Extensions](https://quarkus.io/guides/#writing-extensions) guide category on the [Quarkus.io](https://quarkus.io) website.

Thanks again, good luck and have fun!

## Documentation

The documentation for this extension should be maintained as part of this repository and it is stored in the `docs/` directory.

The layout should follow the [Antora's Standard File and Directory Set](https://docs.antora.org/antora/2.3/standard-directories/).

Once the docs are ready to be published, please open a PR including this repository in the [Quarkiverse Docs Antora playbook](https://github.com/quarkiverse/quarkiverse-docs/blob/main/antora-playbook.yml#L7). See an example [here](https://github.com/quarkiverse/quarkiverse-docs/pull/1).

Commit message:

feat: add basic usage information

README.md, after:

# Quarkus Power

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.quarkiverse.power/quarkus-power?logo=apache-maven&style=flat-square)](https://search.maven.org/artifact/io.quarkiverse.power/quarkus-power)

## Basic usage

NOTE: Currently only works on macOS. 

This extension is an experiment to measure and display the power consumption of your application as it runs in Dev mode.

To use the extension:
1. Clone this repository locally
2. Build the code using `mvn install`
3. Add the extension to the application which energy consumption you wish to measure. Since the extension is not yet released, you will need to add it manually as a dependency to your application:
    ```xml
   <dependency>
     <groupId>io.quarkiverse.power</groupId>
     <artifactId>quarkus-power</artifactId>
    <version>999-SNAPSHOT</version>
   </dependency>
   ``` 
4. Start your application in dev mode: `quarkus dev`
5. Enter the dev mode terminal by pressing `:` (column)
6. You should have a new `power` command available, type `power --help` for more information
7. You can start power measurement with `power start` and stop it with `power stop`
